website/docs: update instructions for Cloudflare Turnstile setup (#15918)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/captcha/index.md

#### Configuration options

> In authentik open the Admin interface and navigate to Flows and Stages --> Stages --> Create
> Select Captcha Stage and press Next
> Name the stage e.g. authentication-captcha
> Under the Stage-specific settings copy the following from the Cloudflare Turnstile Widget you setup previously
> - Copy the Turnstile Site Key to the Public Key
> - Copy the Turnstile Site Key to the Private Key
> - Enable Interactive: Enabled if the Turnstile instance is configured as visible or managed
> - Leave both score thresholds at their default, they are not used for Turnstile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Flows and Stages** > **Stages** and click **Create**.
3. Select **Captcha Stage** and click **Next**.
4. Provide a descriptive name for the stage (e.g. authentication-captcha) and configure the following required settings based on the values of your [Cloudflare Turnstile Widget](https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/concepts/widget/):
    - Under **Stage-specific settings**:
        - **Public Key**: set to the **Turnstile Site Key** value from the widget.
        - **Private Key**: set to the **Turnstile Site Key** value from the widget.
        - **Enable Interactive**: Enable this option if the Turnstile instance is configured as visible or managed.
        - Leave both score thresholds at their default. They are not used for Turnstile.
```

Reviewer 2: Ah yes, much better, thanks @dewi-tik ! I thought we had replaced older text with the templated version everywhere, but I think maybe it was only in the Integration Guides...?

Reviewer 2: On line 57, are "visible" and "managed" the actual terms shown on the Turnstile UI? If so, they should be bolded and capitalized...

Author: Hi team - sorry I just found I made an error in my PR. Line 56 should refer to the Secret Key i.e.
`- **Private Key**: set to the **Turnstile Secret Key** value from the widget.`

<img width="1283" height="394" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fd991b32-9e0c-4729-ab35-3fa044d2dd31" />
Note: Site key pictured is for an example widget I created, since deleted so nothing sensitive to worry about

Reviewer: I've applied those changes
